---
comments: true
date: 2010-03-21 14:45:58
layout: post
slug: sxsw-2010-happened
cover: http://farm5.static.flickr.com/4044/4431304439_4606d3b4c2_m.jpg
title: SxSW 2010 Happened
wordpress_id: 30472
categories:
- Consulting Days
- friday fudge
- SxSW
tags:
- friday fudge
- google
- sxsw
- telecom
- wifi
---

[.  This amalgam served me well.




So who did I end up catching live and on the silver screen?  More on that later below...




First, I'd like to say something to AT&T considering their complete failure last year for SxSW 2009:




 




[Good job AT&T *




Why the * ?  Well, I was able to actually _use_ my iPhone this year. Crazy right?  Yes.  The only issues I had were obviously backhaul related during times where even with prior planning -- the provisioning lacked capacity to accept that many people at one time.




So, I had full signal for the majority of my stay in the densely packed downtown areas of Austin for SxSW 2010.  While that didn't mean I was always able to use the network it did mean that my battery life was greatly improved.  I was able to top off at 6pm and have it last until 2am most nights.  Kudos on the signal.




I am guessing that asking around greater Austin would bring the same mixed results as last year though since this was an engineered event experience. So, AT&T.... please bring your "A game" to the rest of your "map" and everything will be alright.




BTW, it was nice seeing Luke Wilson driving around [the CoWs](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cell_on_wheels).




Okay on to the music and film selections...




The following are from my Foursquare notes from ~200 Twitter updates during SxSW.  Oddly enough, my only real use of geolocation "games" during SxSW involved notes of being somewhere for a band.   I was able to catch +35 bands and +5 films.  As they say... if you can't say something nice... well... the ones listed made the cut.  This is ordered from last to first




Legend: anything listed is worth catching and anything in **bold** is worth catching again and again.  I'll come back with complete hyperlinks later but I'd suggest Google query of the artist name and sxsw 2010.




[




## Film:




[And Everything Is Going Fine](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1122614/) - Spalding Gray sliced and diced in a tribute to mixed media and self reflection over a long career of pieces, interviews, and conversations by Steven Soderbergh




[Life 2.0](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1518809/) - Second Life impact with special guest appearances of Club Penguin by Jason Spingarn-Koff




 




[




## Music:




**Grady** - ZZ Top meets Black Sabbath -- and I saved the best for last




 




Minipop - sugar sick pop




**Maren Parusel** - earwig generating hooks machine




Transfer - a nice cup of San Diego to help the medicine go down




John Dear Mowing Club - tortured folksy country artist from the Netherlands that fed me tasty BBQ brisket




Bear in Heaven - just enough cowbell




[**The Rescues** - takes over rooms and makes you love them




**Mads Langer** - the Olive cover is worth the price of admission




**The Dollyrots** - 100% pure rock star




**Carolina Chocolate Drops** - the real deal folks




Lights - clever and pounding




**Noush Skaugen** - the most playful performance of SxSW




**GWAR** - uh, GWAR




**Citizen Cope** - great melodies




Chip Taylor - could read a soup can ingredients list and make it danceable




Andy Clockwise - by far the best smelling concert at SxSW... girl guy ratio of audience was easily 80:20




[




Jennie Alpert - one of the bigger voices I caught this year




Heavenly States - fun pop with a much harder edge on stage as compared to preview tracks




**Arms** - Todd Goldstein keeps it real with a new edition for 2010




Amaral - makes me wish I could understand other languages




**Frightened Rabbit** - phenomenal songsmiths




**Male Bonding** - loud, loud, loud, loud, oh... louder




Japanther - performance art with a punch of punk pop




**The Middle East** - haunting melodies and refined musicians make for a memorable performance




**Bison BC ** - thunder on demand... they blew a frikkin head on stage -- how cool is that????




[**Here We Go Magic** - breathy and light




**George Lynch** - was a serious treat seeing him throw down




Ruby Isle - I will never think of Guns N' Roses the same way again




**MC Frontalot** - consummate showman and my first big music event to kickoff the convergence of Interactive and Music... and the whole thing was being Filmed.
